                                    Enet Bootp Application

                                        January 11, 2000

                                           DISCLAIMER

This source code is supplied as shareware, use at your own risk without any gaurantees or support.


Building the Application

The application is a single source module named "enetbootp.c." There is a batch file named bat
that needs to be changed to executable and running it will build an application called enetbootp.

Configuring the Application

A file named enetbootp.cfg must reside in the location the enetbootp application is started. The
configuration file contains information for identifying incoming Opto 22 Ethernet bootp packets and
the proper information to send to the devices. Each entry MUST contain the MAC (as 6 dash digits),
the IP address in "dot" format, and the netmask (also in dot format). The gateway may be supplied.
A DNS field is supplied but is not used in current versions of the Ethernet devices. Any right
sided field missing will be interpreted as a 0.0.0.0 address.

The MAC address is shown in the table as the 6 "dash" format, however, the application assumes
internally that the three most significant bytes are 00-a0-3d as all Opto 22 devices start with this
header.

Running the Application

In the folder that has the configuration file, invoke the enetbootp executable. As the server listens
on port 67, this is considered a system port and you MUST be root to do this. We're looking into making
a psuedo port above the system level so you won't have to do this but, don't expect it too soon.

Customizing the Application

If you prefer to imbed this app's features, comment the main function and make a small header that protos
the configuration and listen functions. Use the main as a prototype for the function call order. You
may also want to lower the number of static structures maintained in the enetlist. This is deliberately
set high and it's probably higher than it really needs to be...

OS History

Created and ran on a Pentium 133 platform, Redhat 6.1, with two Intel EEPro adapters.

